.\" Copyright (C) 2009 Red Hat, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
.\" Written by Ivana Varekova <varekova@redhat.com>.

.TH CGCLASSIFY  1 2009-03-15 "Linux" "libcgroup Manual"
.SH NAME
cgclassify \- move running task(s) to given cgroups

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcgclassify\fR [\fB-g\fR <\fIcontrollers>:<path\fR>] [--sticky | --cancel-sticky] <\fIpidlist\fR>

.SH DESCRIPTION
this command moves processes defined by the list
of processes
(\fBpidlist\fR)
to the given control groups.

The pids in the pidlist are separated by spaces

.TP
.B -g <controllers>:<path>
defines the control groups where the task will be moved.
\fBcontrollers\fR is a list of controllers and
\fBpath\fR is the relative path to control groups
in the given controllers list.

This flag can be used multiple times to
define multiple pairs of lists of controllers
and relative paths.
Instead of the list of all mounted controllers,
the wildcard \fB*\fR can be used.

If this option is not used then
\fBcgclassify\fR will automatically move the task to a
control group based on \fB/etc/cgrules.conf\fR.

.TP
.B --sticky
If this option is used, the daemon of service cgred (cgrulesengd process)
does not change both the specified \fBpidlist\fR and their children tasks.
Without this option, the daemon does not change the specified \fBpidlist\fR
but it automacically changes their child tasks to the right cgroup based on
\fB/etc/cgrules.conf\fR.

.TP
.B --cancel-sticky
If this option is used, the daemon of service cgred (cgrulesengd process)
can automatically change both the specified \fBpidlist\fR and their child
tasks to the right cgroup based on \fB/etc/cgrules.conf\fR.

.SH FILES
.LP
.PD .1v
.TP 20
.B /etc/cgrules.conf
.TP
default libcgroup configuration file


.SH SEE ALSO
cgrules.conf (5), cgexec (1)

