.\" Copyright (C) 2009 Red Hat, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
.\" Written by Jan Safranek <jsafrane@redhat.com>.
.TH CGRULESENGD  8 2009-02-18 "Linux" "libcgroup Manual"
.SH NAME
cgrulesengd \- control group rules daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcgrulesengd\fR [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcgrulesengd\fR is a daemon, which distributes processes to control groups. When
any process changes its effective UID or GID, \fBcgrulesengd\fR inspects list
of rules loaded from \fIcgrules.conf\fR file and moves the process to
the appropriate control group.

The list of rules is read during the daemon startup and are cached in daemon's memory.
The daemon reloads the list of rules when it receives SIGUSR2 signal.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h|--help
Display help.
.TP
.B -f <path>|--logfile=<path>
Write log messages to the given log file. When '-' is used as <path>, log messages
are written to the standard output. Both '\fB-f\fR' and '\fB-s\fR' can be used together then logs
are sent to both destinations.
.TP
.B -s[facility]|--syslog=[facility]
Write log messages to syslog. The default facility is DAEMON. Both '\fB-f\fR'
and '\fB-s\fR' can be used together then logs are sent to both destinations.
.TP
.B -n|--nodaemon
Don't fork the daemon, stay in foreground.
.TP
.B -v|--verbose
Display more log messages. This option can be used twice to enable even more log
messages.
.TP
.B -q|--quiet
Display less log messages. This option can be used twice to enable even less log
messages and log errors only.
.TP
.B -Q|--nolog
Disable logging.
.TP
.B -d|--debug
Equivalent to '-nvvf -', i.e. don't fork the daemon, display all log messages and
write them to the standard output.

.SH FILES
.LP
.PD .1v
.TP 20
.B /etc/cgrules.conf
.TP
the default libcgroup configuration file

.SH SEE ALSO
cgrules.conf (5)
