.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Red Hat, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
.\" Written by Jan Chaloupka <jchaloup@redhat.com>

.TH CGRULES.D  5 2014-07-14 "Linux" "libcgroup Manual"
.SH NAME
cgrules.d \- libcgroup configuration files directory
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B "cgrules.d"
configuration files directory is used by
.B libcgroups
and contains additional configuration files with the same syntax as
\fBcgconfig.conf\fR (5).

Files are parsed in an arbitrary order.
If the cache is disabled, the searching algorithm of  \fBcgrulesengd\fR (8)
tries the first match.
If there are two rules which match the criteria for a given process,
and each rule is in a separate file, then there is no guarantee which one
is chosen. If you want to control the given order of the rules, put them
in one configuration file.


\fB/etc/cgconfig.conf\fR is parsed as the first file. After success,
all files from /etc/cgconfig.d are parsed as well (in an arbitrary order).
If some file from the directory ends up with a parsing error,
the process is stopped. With cache enabled, all successfully processed
rules
are kept in the cache. With cache disabled,
matching is stopped and ends with a 'not found' result.

If \fB/etc/cgrules.d\fR is empty, \fBcgrulesengd\fR (8) acts
in a backwards compatibility mode.

.SH FILES
.LP
.PD .1v
.TP 20
.B /etc/cgrules.d
.RS 4
default libcgroup configuration files directory
.RE
.B /etc/cgconfig.conf
.RS 4
default libcgroup configuration file
.RE
.PD .


.SH SEE ALSO
cgconfig.conf (5), cgrulesengd (8)
