.\" Copyright (C) 2010 Red Hat, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
.\" Written by Ivana Hutarova Varekova <varekova@redhat.com>

.TH CGSNAPSHOT  1 2010-07-28 "Linux" "libcgroup Manual"
.SH NAME

cgsnapshot \- generate the configuration file for given controllers

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcgsnapshot\fR [\fB-h\fR] [\fB-s\fR] [\fB-t\fR] [\fB-b\fR \fIfile\fR]
[\fB-w\fR \fIfile\fR] [\fB-f\fR \fIoutput_file\fR]  [\fBcontroller\fR] [...]

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBcgsnapshot\fR
generates the cgconfig compatible configuration file
for given controllers.
If no controller is set, then
cgsnapshot shows all mounted hierarchies.
The output is in the same format as
.B cgconfig.conf
configuration file.

.TP
.B -b file
Display only variables from blacklist.
The default location of the blacklist is
.B /etc/cgsnapshot_blacklist.conf.
This list contains all variables which should be ignored by
.B cgsnapshot
tool.
If the variable is blacklisted, then it will not be displayed.
If it is not present on the blacklist, then the whitelist
is checked.

.TP
.B -h, --help
display this help and exit

.TP
.B -f, --file
Redirect the output to output_file


.TP
.B -s, --silent
Ignore all warnings

.TP
.B -t, --strict
Do not display the variables which are not on the whitelist


.TP
.B -w file
Set the blacklist configuration file.
This list contains all variables which should be displayed by
.B cgsnapshot
tool.
If the variable is not blacklisted then whitelist is checked.
If the variable is on the whitelist, then it is displayed by
.B cgsnapshot
tool.
If the variable is not on the whitelist, then
the variable is displayed and warning message is produced.
By default the whitelist is not used.

The warning message can be omitted using
.B -s, --silent
flag.
If
.B -t, --strict
flag is used then the variable which is not on whitelist is
not displayed.

.TP
.B controller
defines controller whose hierarchies will be
output

.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/cgsnapshot_blacklist.conf
default location of the blacklist

.TP
.B /etc/cgsnapshot_whitelist.conf
default location of the whitelist

.TP
.B /etc/cgconfig.conf
default libcgroup configuration file

.SH SEE ALSO
cgconfig.conf (5)
